my name is Lily Coulson and I'm 18 years
old
these are my three best friends and
and Sara and this is the hundred percent
true story of how my town
Salem lost its mother mind
well let's start at the beginning
actually not here because what I did
that afternoon was really gross whoa
the principal got hacked dudes
but I don't have like any
sympathy for people that get their
hot for real there's two types of people
in this world people that have come to
terms with privacy is just dead then
there's the old people that are still
trying to fight it what do you have to
hide anyway little a million nudes super
gross porn history like life-altering
should talk about everyone in this
school I think it was some like socially
conscious Atlanta hackers I probably
Jack's off to Fight Club in his mom's
basement like every night it looks like
half a salem just got hacked I hate the
Internet 117 thousand people's
texts and emails got leaked gets
really weird
we got some sailing on the ride
playa my who sees a naked
photo of a girl and their first thought
is yo I gotta kill this way more
people than you think
[Applause]
you this is your world you built
this
don't take your head out on me I just
got here
me kill me but she can't kill us all
sure you even know how to hold that
thing little girl
[Music]